# UCB-Cohen-Group
My undergraduate research work at UCB Cohen Group

Code for my undergraduate honor thesis is included.
Thesis: Steps toward an open-source method for estimates of nitrogen oxide emissions from croplands: A demonstration and validation over China

Abstract:
Soil nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions influence atmospheric chemistry and air quality, with widespread effects in agriculturally intensive regions of Asia, Africa, and North America and important implications for all agricultural areas. Existing empirical models for estimating these emissions are often hindered by poor spatial-temporal resolution and a lack of consideration for crop phenology. Here, we present an open-source, remote-sensing-informed model to estimate regional soil NOx emissions. This work builds on Shen et al. (2022), which integrated high-resolution multi-source remote sensing data into the Berkeley Dalhousie Iowa Soil NO Parameterization (BDISNP) model. This project extends and validates Shen et al.’s  methodology by utilizing entirely open datasets and integrating variables related to soil characteristics, meteorological conditions, crop distribution, and fertilizer usage. These variables effectively incorporate crop phenology into soil NOx emission estimates, improving the representation of NOx dynamics in agricultural intensive areas.
 
Shen et al.’s study was limited by closed source code and proprietary data, such as high-resolution soil temperature inventories maintained by the Chinese government. We overcome these barriers by developing an open, annotated code based on Shen et al.'s general methodology, but with enhanced reproducibility. We improve public accessibility by substituting private datasets with open access remote sensing data. We test the robustness of Shen's model against various data inputs and validate our model’s results against those of Shen et al to evaluate the sensibility of our resulting spatiotemporal emission trends. Herein, we provide comprehensive details regarding modeling estimates and assumptions. We specify all assumptions, and address exceptions, resulting in a comprehensive extension to the original study.
 
This study pushes the needle in our ability to provide reproducible soil NOx emissions estimates over China and globally. Our open-access framework for soil NOx emission estimates can be easily modulated with respect to local agricultural practices and environmental conditions. This work highlights the potential for broader application and adaptation of this integrated method in diverse agricultural settings worldwide with a demonstration of the feasibility of replicating and validating soil NOx emission estimates with publicly available high-resolution remote sensing data. The methodology not only advances our understanding of NOx emissions but also sets a precedent for replicable research that can be applied in other agricultural regions around the globe.

